Illinois is collapsing this is not a
joke this is a warning the government
has amassed way too much debt for it to
handle and we can see how this causes
destruction to all those who believe the
accumulation of debt has no consequence
I present you with this you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you today we are going to get into the
situation in Illinois right now let's
begin with this article out of fox
Illinois is grappling with a
full-fledged financial crisis and not
even the lottery is safe the governor
said this is a Banana Republic this is
the type of thing that we are going to
get into today stay tuned for it okay
I'm going to cover several articles it's
going to show you exactly why this is a
Garen teed collapse there's no way
around it let's just get into the facts
don't listen to me and my opinion let's
just get to the facts facing billions in
unpaid bills and pension obligations the
state is hitting a cash crunch that is
even rare by Illinois standards
okay the pensions if you are in Illinois
right
now you have a pension waiting for
you it would be my best
guess that they will at least at the
very least take a portion of that in
some way shape or form maybe they'll say
well you can't take it now you're going
to have to take it 10 or 20 years from
now or maybe you just get a little
haircut of 5% or 10% or maybe instead of
that pension maybe you'll get a future
dated Government Bond I don't know what
they're going to do exactly but
unfortunately people are going to suffer
because of this and a lot of people out
there keep denying that it's happening
there's a collapse going on right now
and I can't believe the ignorance
perhaps it's willful ignorance that we
see out there look at this look how
terrible it is and that's just one state
Look at California look at other areas
they're suffering and we need to just
first admit it admit there's a problem
so here are the facts let me get to that
no tangents today a top Financial
official just warned 100% of the state's
monthly Revenue will be eaten up by
court ordered payments how can a person
how can a state how can a country ever
pay back on any of its debt when all of
it is all the revenue is used
to go out in in One Direction or another
it's impossible it's math it's simple
mathematics you don't need to be a
genius to figure that out then you have
within all these articles here today
basically these different politicians
make suggestions on what they should do
I will assure you in most cases increase
taxation cut from this cut from that and
you're going to have to spend more as an
individual you get less though that's
what happens every single time it's a
beautiful way to have a whole bunch of
poor people living around you that's the
best way to do it cut from their
services take away all their resources
and then make everything more expensive
genius
all right Illinois will literally lose
the lottery if the budget fails I mean
this is how serious this has
become and it goes into the lottery
anyway I won't get into that let's move
on a brief list would include it's
talking about pension debt of more than
$114
billion think about that for a second
pensions of 114 billion in debt they
can't pay that back all the revenue is
being just sent right out the front
door it comes in goes right back out
there's no way to pay it back let's just
let's just admit that what they intend
on doing is refinancing their debt so
essentially they owe let's just say a
billion dollars a year so what they do
is instead say we'll pay you that
billion dollars a year but we're not
going to pay you that until 5 years from
now and don't worry going to pay a
little bit extra because of course we
are loaning getting a loan for that
money will stretch that out over a
longer period of time and we are
ultimately going to have to pay more
because of
this Banker plan the accumulation of
debt is there to punish people that's
why it
exists the public school funding system
one of the most discriminatory in the
nation a budget that is chronically out
of balance how often do we see that and
one of the most under underfunded Mental
Health Care Systems in the country it's
going on property taxes in the state and
actually one of the commenters was
mentioning how property taxes I don't
know this as a fact but one individual
out there and I I want you if you are in
Illinois share your experiences please
many people on the previous video did
thank you very much for that they said
it was something along the lines of a
million doll home $10,000 in property
taxes think about that you want to own a
property you own it right that's yours I
mean you're paying you're paying the
property taxes oh wait a minute but what
happens if you stop paying property
taxes you'll get the boot so fast you
won't know what hit you you're renting
the land you don't own anything that's
the type of criminality that we face
it's not just Illinois it's not just the
US it's everywhere of course in a lot of
places developing nations you don't even
have to pay property
taxes that's how they do it they want
investment but no in the west they say
pay us your
taxes and then we'll squander the money
property taxes in the state of the
highest because the state's failure to
adequately fund schools you know anyway
it doesn't matter what the reason is I
don't necessarily agree with any of
these articles but it's good
information despite all this bad stuff
which is the sport disproportionately
hurt minority communities members of the
House keep electing this person you know
this is all political anyway and it goes
on let me move on here okay this a lot
of these articles are talking about how
they one you know if they're a right
what they call you know right or uh
let's say a republican type of news
Outlet then of course they hate those on
the left and the Democrats and and vice
versa I mean I don't agree with that in
fact up until very recently I didn't
even understand that there could
be
information that is either left or right
I guess maybe I have a learning
disability when it comes to this but
there's no way I'm ever going to look at
information
without just taking it for what it is
and trying to get rid of all that bias
that they put in there just give me the
facts I want to move on look at this
when we see this here the state's
backlog of unpaid bills is expected to
reach
22.7 billion if Illinois goes a third
fiscal year without a budget there's no
way they can pay this
back then what's going to happen I mean
are they going to get a bailout well
maybe to some degree but you don't get
bailouts if if Europe is any example you
don't get a
bailout unless you engage in austerity
unless you cut back on those pensions
unless you steal the wealth from
innocent people out there now you may
not even agree with the concept of
Pensions you may not agree with unions
you may not agree with anything of that
but let's just put it into perspective
for a moment you have an individual who
is let's say 63 years old two years down
the road he wants to retire he's got his
pension waiting for him and he's on a
fixed income he's maybe the only person
providing for himself his family and
every penny is going to count he figures
he can last 20 years
comfortably as long as nothing changes
20 years he'll be able to afford
everything he
needs but now they make a cut back and
they cut back on those pensions 10 20%
all of a sudden things change he can't
afford those bills his rent continuously
increases every year but he's on a fixed
income now his property taxes those keep
rising and of course he's getting
taxed in every other category and they
continue to increase this is going to be
the new world wake up to it the collapse
has nothing to do with the stock market
the stock market is a joke the stock
market is a movie the stock market is a
play It's a drama it's a fraud it's a
show it's nothing but a dream inside a
central Banker's
mind I hope you understand that when I
say there's a collapse please I'm not
talking about the stock market maybe in
some cases I refer it to it like that
but the global economic collapse is
referring to the whole thing not the
stock
market all right this is basically
talking about the fact that they have
billions in debt there's so much of this
unpaid garbage that's been thrown out
there and it keeps accumulating why do
we have debt because we have Central
Banking think about how ridiculous this
concept is how terrible it is and how
much death pain and destruction and
hunger this causes and that's what's
happening and you could see it on a
small scale happening right before your
very eyes we saw it in Detroit look at
Detroit
today it's destroyed it is
destroyed sure there's small Pockets
that are nice but as a whole it's
destroyed and that's what's going on in
Illinois right now on a bigger scale but
I assure you that scale is going to get
wider and wider and
wider look we are
now let's
say from 2009 to
today the stock market has been rising
unemployment apparently has been doing
better and better and
better let's just say 5% unemployment
now the general economy is claimed to be
better Detroit is a complete failure the
p ition funds around the US and actually
around the world in many cases are
losing out their failing you explain
that to
me what do you call
that okay let's move on okay that's
enough it's enough of
that Illinois has been without a budget
for two years and if a deal isn't reach
by the end of the fiscal year on June
30th the lawmakers are predicting
massive cuts
massive cuts and a potential shutdowns
to help deal with the financial
shortfall massive Cuts you heard it here
first I told you about this before I
told you it would happen I talked about
it in my book I have been talking about
this for a while and people all this
while have called me stupid they've
called me an idiot they've called me a
fearmonger and I don't give a damn
because real people get hurt I have
people emailing me I have people
commenting to me literally every single
day talking about how they are
encountering the issues I'm talking
about I'm not just talking out of my you
know what I'm reading the information
I'm collecting it I'm hearing it from
the people all around the world and then
I bring up
videos that's simply what
happens this is also talking about
the um state of the Mega Millions the
Powerball and everything else
but one last thing from this article and
then I'll quickly finish it
up Chicago public schools has turned to
none other than JP Morgan Chase for a
$275 million loan just to be able to
operate through June and make a cont uh
contribution to the teacher
pensions
wow so they could have got a bailout
from the
government they could have got money in
some other
way but they got got money from JP
Morgan Chase the same company that makes
money off the food stamp EBT program the
same company that has
been caught
rigging the silver market as well as
others the company responsible for so
much and they went to them and they
getting their
loan this is the way it works the JP
Morgan Chase is going to make a lot of
money off of this maybe it's just
peanuts compared to what they make
elsewhere but it's just it's just gets
me so badly because you can see put
these governments into death squeeze the
hell out of them and then offer them a
little Kickback offer them something to
get their gears moving again and profit
along the whole way it's a just a
terrible scam and it works very well
illino Illinois may become the first
state on record to have its Bond rating
cut to junk it should have already been
junk but that's the way it
is it's talking about everything I just
talked about before six billion uh with
the fiscal year it's going to add to the
debt you know it's
terrible can Illinois go bankrupt and
apparently the answer is no States
aren't eligible to petition us courts to
escape from their debts this the way
cities have like Detroit have Congress
made a deal with Puerto Rico and saying
yes they can do so but no not
States all right so what's happening
here is going to be perhaps even
worse
because their situation isn't getting
better they're massing too much debt and
as a result they're going to have to cut
back I don't know who's going to suffer
the worst I assure you though they are
going to to be cutbacks people are going
to pay one-way shape or form whether
it's the taxpayers D or you know either
directly maybe it's the pensions maybe
it's this or that I don't know it's
going to have to come from somewhere and
ultimately people are going to suffer as
a result if you found this video
informative then please give me a thumbs
up support me by giving a thumbs up by
commenting on this video and by hitting
the Subscribe button I do videos every
single day practically and I hope that
you will join me for future videos as
well I'm also on steemit by the way the
links are in the
description last but not least if you
found the video informative I know
you'll find my books the money GPS and
my new release global economic collapse
even more informative the first book is
about the four asset classes and how to
profit from them and then the new book
talks about the familiar Concepts but
then I get into what I call the money
GPS strategy becoming self-sufficient
reducing your debt earning income all
those sort of things so just go over to
Amazon because they have a look inside
feature you can actually flip through
the book to see if you like it for those
who don't want to read for those who are
um too busy or whatever I have an
audiobook version of global economic
collapse you can check that out at my
website the money gps.com there's a link
for that there
and that's all for this video take care